Adding explainer for error.message and censoring error.stack (#381)
tc39/proposal-shadowrealm: explainer.md

}
```

## <a name='Errors'></a>Errors

> Errors originated from a ShadowRoot are subject to stack censoring. Similarely, those errors must be copied when crossing the callable boundary, while doing so, the host must produce a TypeError, and may provide a message and stack properties without violating the stack censoring principle. For more details about errors, refer to the [errors explainer](./errors.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Errors originated from a ShadowRealm are subject to stack censoring. Similarly, those errors must be copied when crossing the callable boundary, while doing so, the host must produce a TypeError, and may provide a message and stack properties without violating the stack censoring principle. For more details about errors, refer to the [errors explainer](./errors.md).
```
